README.md, before:

# esLIEB
Theme for emulationstation, featuring that gaming girl in a spaceship.

![That gaming girl in a spaceship](art/originalgamegirl.png)

There are several colourings, just overwrite the LIEB.xml file with the right file:

cd ../esLIEB  
cp LIEB_green.xml LIEB.xml  

Colours:  
Pink:  	LIEB_pink.xml 	--> Because it is a girl in a spaceship. I heard girls love pink. ;P  
Rose:  	LIEB_rose.xml 	--> The second girly theme, based on pink.  
Green: 	LIEB_green.xml	--> Computerish green.  

Supported Systems (Tested):

+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/desktop/art/system.svg" width="70" /> Desktop (same as pixeldesktop)  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/retropie/art/system.svg" width="70" /> RetroPie Settings  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/nes/art/system.svg" width="70" /> Nintendo Entertainment System  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/snes/art/system.svg" width="70" /> Super Nintendo  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/mastersystem/art/system.svg" width="70" border="0"/> Sega Master System  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/atari2600/art/system.svg" width="70" border="0"/> Atari 2600  

Supported Systems (Not tested):

+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/amstradcpc/art/system.svg" width="70" /> AmstradCPC    
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/amiga/art/system.svg" width="70" /> Amiga  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/atari800/art/system.svg" width="70" border="0"/> Atari 800

Commit message:

theme.xml for 3DO and Adventure Game System

README.md, after:

# esLIEB
Theme for emulationstation, featuring that gaming girl in a spaceship.
The theme is based on Carbon. Unsupported systems will show up in the Carbon look.

![That gaming girl in a spaceship](art/originalgamegirl.png)

There are several colourings, just overwrite the LIEB.xml file with the right file:

cd ../esLIEB  
cp LIEB_green.xml LIEB.xml  

Colours:  
Pink:  	LIEB_pink.xml 	--> Because it is a girl in a spaceship. I heard girls love pink. ;P  
Rose:  	LIEB_rose.xml 	--> The second girly theme, based on pink.  
Green: 	LIEB_green.xml	--> Computerish green.  

Supported Systems (Tested):

+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/desktop/art/system.svg" width="70" /> Desktop (same as pixeldesktop)  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/retropie/art/system.svg" width="70" /> RetroPie Settings  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/nes/art/system.svg" width="70" /> Nintendo Entertainment System  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/snes/art/system.svg" width="70" /> Super Nintendo  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/mastersystem/art/system.svg" width="70" border="0"/> Sega Master System  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/atari2600/art/system.svg" width="70" border="0"/> Atari 2600  

Supported Systems (Not tested):

+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/3do/art/system.svg" width="70" border="0"/> 3DO  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/ags/art/system.svg" width="70" border="0"/> Adventure Game System  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/amstradcpc/art/system.svg" width="70" /> AmstradCPC    
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/amiga/art/system.svg" width="70" /> Amiga  
+ <img src="http://ben0bi.github.io/esLIEB/atari800/art/system.svg" width="70" border="0"/> Atari 800
